>> Jen Kramer: So now I'm going to go
back up to the top of this web page.
One of the things that you might have
noticed about the particular layout of
this website was that even here,
just looking at the picture by itself,
things don't go all the way to
the edge of the screen here.
We have a little bit of
space on either side, right?
Okay, so we don't have lines going all
the way to the edge of our browser window.
We have a tiny little bit
of space on either side.
So what I did to make that happen was
here in my styles,
>> Jen Kramer: Appear
towards the beginning,
I have this div with a class of wrapper.
And that actually goes all the way
around my particular document.
All the way from up there,
all the way down to the bottom.
That's where that div closes.
So it's one great, big,
huge box around my entire webpage.
And that can be useful because then I
can go ahead and do something like this.
I can say .wrapper.
And then I can say that we want
to do a width of something like,
let's say, 80%, something like that.
And then we can say we want
to center this on the page.
How would I center this on the page?
Anyone remember?
>> off screen: Margin with 0 auto
>> Jen Kramer: Margin 0 auto.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
>> Jen Kramer: So
that's going to go ahead and get this
a little bit off the edge of the page.
All right, remember we can put
borders on this at any point in time.
If a border helps you to see
what's going on, by all means,
put a big border on this border.
5px solid red.
I recommend ugly colors for these borders.
You don't want them looking too pretty
because you don't wanna remember to turn
them off later.
If you make them honking big and
ugly, you won't forget.
>> Jen Kramer: Ask me how I know.
Okay, so go ahead and do that.
>> Jen Kramer: Now you can see what's
going on there pretty clearly.
All right, so now we have a nice
centered div here on our webpage.